\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8

@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@titlepage
@title SYSTOOL(1)
@author Eli Nero (elinero27@@gmail.com)
March 2021
@end titlepage

@node Top
@top SYSTOOL(1)

@menu
* NAME::
* SYNOPSIS::
* DESCRIPTION::
* OPTIONS::
* EXIT VALUES::
* EXAMPLES::
* CAVEATS::
* BUGS::
@end menu

@node NAME
@chapter NAME
@anchor{#name}
SysTool - A collection of helpful tools, gadgets, customizations, and
fixes for Linux and Bash

@node SYNOPSIS
@chapter SYNOPSIS
@anchor{#synopsis}
@strong{systool} @strong{systool} -[@emph{hvV}]@*
@strong{systool} -C @emph{COMMAND}@*
@strong{systool} @emph{OPTIONS}@*

@node DESCRIPTION
@chapter DESCRIPTION
@anchor{#description}
A collection of helpful tools, gadgets, customizations, and fixes for
Linux and Bash.

@node OPTIONS
@chapter OPTIONS
@anchor{#options}
If no option is specified, @strong{SysTool} does not execute any
actions. Otherwise, @strong{SysTool} handles the options in the order
they were given. If @strong{SysTool} is ran with the options -V -f -v,
@strong{SysTool} will first be set to be verbose, then run the file
explorer tool in verbose mode, then print the version info in verbose
mode. However, if ran with the options rearranged in the order -v -V -f,
@strong{SysTool} will first print the version info in non-verbose mode,
then be set to be verbose, then run the file explorer tool in verbose
mode. This can be important if you want some functions to be ran in
non-verbose mode while having other actions ran in verbose mode. Options
can also be chained together. For example, the options -V -f -v can be
shortened to -Vfv because none of these options require arguments. The
options -b -i -C ``ls'' -n -v cannot be shortened into one long options
string. However, -b -i -C ``ls'' -n -v can be shortened to -biC ``ls''
-nv because -b and -i do not require arguments, -C requires an argument
but is still an one-letter option, and neither -n or -v require
arguments. However, -bic ``ls''-nv would not work because -nv would be
handeled as part of ``ls'', causing @strong{SysTool} to handle the
options as -b -i -C ``ls''-nv which would then be handled as -b -i -C
``ls-nv''. It is reccomended to surround any arguments with quotes so
your shell doesen't expand the arguments.

@menu
* Common options::
* Actions::
@end menu

@node Common options
@section Common options
@anchor{#common-options}
@table @asis
@item @strong{-h}

Displays basic help and options.
@item @strong{-v}

Displays version info
@item @strong{-V}

Sets @strong{SysTool} to be verbose. @strong{SysTool} displays extra
info when verbose. This is mainly for developers, but can also be used
to get more info from actions.
@item @strong{-C} @emph{COMMAND}

Runs COMMAND as @strong{SysTool}.
@item @strong{-N}

Runs Neofetch by default. Command to run can be customized. This can be
helpful for showing system info on boot.
@end table

@node Actions
@section Actions
@anchor{#actions}
Many options make @strong{SysTool} run actions, which are the various
functions provided by @strong{SysTool}. Actions include tools, gadgets,
and info actions. These are listed below.

@menu
* Info::
* Tools::
* Gadgets::
@end menu

@node Info
@subsection Info
@anchor{#info}
@table @asis
@item @strong{-b}

Shows a banner using figlet. This is the @strong{SysTool} banner by
default, but you can also set custom banner text.
@item @strong{-i}

Shows info about the current user and session.
@end table

@node Tools
@subsection Tools
@anchor{#tools}
@table @asis
@item @strong{-f}

Opens a file explorer UI. The up and down arrow keys on the keyboard
navigate between items, and enter opens the current directory or file.
@item @strong{-F}

Opens a basic file explorer based on numbers. Typing the number of a
file or folder and pressing enter will open the file with the
corresponding number.
@end table

@node Gadgets
@subsection Gadgets
@anchor{#gadgets}
@table @asis
@item @strong{-n}

Lists the devices on your network. Sudo privledges are required to use
this gadget.
@item @strong{-s}

Displays a list of current sessions on this PC.
@item @strong{-t}

Displays
@end table

@node EXIT VALUES
@chapter EXIT VALUES
@anchor{#exit-values}
@table @asis
@item @strong{0}

Program run was succesful
@item @strong{1}

An error occured.
@end table

@node EXAMPLES
@chapter EXAMPLES
@anchor{#examples}
Coming Soon(TM)

@node CAVEATS
@chapter CAVEATS
@anchor{#caveats}
If the -V option is provided to set @strong{SysTool} to be verbose, but
other options come before it, the options specified before -V are not
ran in verbose mode. For example, using the options -Vfv will make
@strong{SysTool} be set to verbose mode, then run -f in verbose mode,
then -v in verbose mode; while using the options -fVv will make
@strong{SysTool} run -f in non-verbose mode, turn on verbose mode, and
run -v in verbose mode.

@node BUGS
@chapter BUGS
@anchor{#bugs}
The bug tracker can be found on the SysTool Github page
(https://github.com/UsernameNotAvalible/SysTool)

@bye
